You can get rid of "silos needed" message without building silos. If you have a Starport, purchase as many vehicles as there are available (preferably MCVs), then CANCEL the order.
Sonic Tanks can have a small range boost through force firing. To do so, select a Sonic Tank then hold down CTRL and click on the ground. This allows you to damage enemy units that are not normally in range, as its actual weapon projectile extends past its attack range.
A good way to break through a group of Sonic Tanks is to use a Harvester. Mix in a few Harvesters into your army and while attacking, send your Harvesters in first so the Sonic Tanks will automatically target the Harvesters in front, rather than your attacking units. This can allow you to get up close with your units and do damage.
Building 3 Barracks, Factories, or Construction Yards gives you the fastest production speed for their respective build queues. Building more Starports or Palaces does NOT increase production speed.
In 8 minutes, no rush: the best economy build is 4 Refineries with 3 Harvesters for each Refinery.
Concrete allows you to build close to it, even if you don't have an actual building in that region. Therefore, deploying a Construction Yard to an expansion and selling it still allows you to build there as long as concrete doesn't get removed.
Sardaukars damage enemy vehicles when they are ran over.
While Concrete makes your buildings have full HP, they also delay your build order, which can cause you waste a lot of time that the enemy can take advantage of. In the early game, only build Concrete for Wind Traps.
In 8 minutes, no rush: always move out your units once you have a decent amount of them. Try to gain map control and hold important positions. Don't let your enemy enter your territory.
Try to have a well-rounded army. Try to avoid having your main army compose of only a single unit. Have multiple unit types in your army will allow your army to be able to deal with enemy units more efficiently.