Soviets: Having 10 Construction Yards allows you to build Tesla Coils at the fastest possible speed.
Soviets: Having 7 War Factories allows you to build Heavy Tanks at the fastest possible speed.
Soviets: Having 12 War Factories allows you to build Mammoth Tanks at the fastest possible speed.
Soviets: Having 5 War Factories allows you to build V2 Rocket Launchers at the fastest possible speed.
Allies: Having 4 Construction Yards allows you to build Turrets at the fastest possible speed.
Allies: Having 6 War Factories allows you to build Medium Tanks at the fastest possible speed.
Allies: Having 5 War Factories allows you to build Light Tanks at the fastest possible speed.
Use the "Q" hotkey to move and fire at the same time.
Having 2 Barracks allows you to build Rocket Infantry at the fastest possible speed.
Russia = 10% cheaper, Ukraine = 10% faster ground unit speed, all Allied countries = 10% more firepower.
Attacking from the south gives you a 1 cell range advantage for certain units.
Use Bookmark Hotkeys to quickly swap back and forth between locations.
Using SHIFT allows you to select multiple structures at one time.
Capture an ally's Construction Yard to gain technology from their faction.
Allied Tank Build Order on a Gem Map: Power Plant, Barracks, Refinery, 3 War Factories, Advanced Power Plant, Refinery, War Factory, Refinery, 2 War Factories, Refinery, Advanced Power Plant-
Soviet Tank Build Order on a Gem Map: Power Plant, Barracks, Refinery, 3 War Factories, Advanced Power Plant, Refinery, War Factory, Refinery, 2 War Factories, Refinery, War Factory, Advanced Power Plant-
Soviet Tank Build Order on an Infinite Ore Map: Power Plant, Barracks, Refinery, 2 War Factories, Advanced Power Plant, 5 War Factories, Refinery, Depot-
Allied Tank Build Order on an Infinite Ore Map: Power Plant, Barracks, Refinery, 2 War Factories, Advanced Power Plant, 4 War Factories, Depot-
Standard Map Build Order: Power Plant, Barracks, Refinery, 2 War Factories, Refinery, Power Plant, 3 Refineries, War Factory-
Lost all your power and can't build anything fast enough? Sell all of your structures excluding your Construction Yard and rebuild again!
Sell your Service Depot after building it to save power. You will keep the technology you gained from building it.
Using ALT allows you to give a force move command. Use this with vehicles against infantry to squish them.
4 Engineers capture a building. Although when Aftermath is enabled, it only takes 3 Engineers instead.
Using G while having a group of units select puts them into Guard mode. Units in Guard mode will automatically seek targets that are nearby.
You can sell vehicles by placing them onto your Service Depot. Once they're on the Service Depot, sell them like you would normally a structure, except this time wait for the green dollar sign to show before selling.
Control your Harvesters to harvest the nearest ore or gems closest to your Refinery.
In a 2 player game, without spectators, both players will always start in the farthest spawn locations from each other.